remove roadmap table and link to ROADMAP.md fail (#3684)
openebs/openebs: README.md

## Roadmap (as of Jan 2024)
OpenEBS is 100% open source software. 
The project source code is spread across multiple repos and covers multiple projects: 
<BR>
<BR>

> OUr main Roamap is focused exclusively on the modern (STANDARD Edution) Data-Engine **Mayastor**. It does not define any net-new features or capabilities for any LEGACY projects or projects that are tagged & defined as DEPRERCATED or ARCHIVED. Currently those proejcts are defined as the follows (see refernces above for the details on the projects DEPRECATED and ARCHIVAL strategy)...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our main Roadmap is focused exclusively on the modern (STANDARD Edition) Data-Engine **Mayastor**. It does not define any net-new features or capabilities for any LEGACY projects or projects that are tagged & defined as DEPRECATED or ARCHIVED. Currently those projects are defined as the follows (see references above for the details on the projects DEPRECATED and ARCHIVAL strategy)...
```
